Feed sections (#11)
ssbc/ssb-meta-feeds-group-spec: README.md

use-case will likely not be those shown, see how they are determined below._

### 1. The additions feed

The purpose of this feed is to hold messages for coordination of joining groups.

> - 1.1 Each peer running this spec MUST have an invitations feed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 1.1 Each peer running this spec MUST have an additions feed
```

> - 1.2 Each peer MUST deterministically place their invitations feed as a subfeed, such that:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 1.2 Each peer MUST deterministically place their additions feed as a subfeed, such that:
```

>   - their invitations feed is a direct subfeed of a shard feed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Their additions feed is a direct subfeed of a shard feed
```

>   - the shard feed is a subfeed of the v1 subfeed, and derived from the string `"group/additions"` according to the v1 tree structure specified in [ssb-meta-feeds-spec].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The shard feed is a subfeed of the v1 subfeed, and derived from the string `group/additions` according to the v1 tree structure specified in [ssb-meta-feeds-spec].
```

Not having double quotes in the `group/additions` makes it clear that the string shouldn't *include* double quotes, it should only be the alphabet letters and the slash.

>   - the `metafeeds/add/derived` message announcing the additions feed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The `metafeeds/add/derived` message announcing the additions feed
```

>       - MUST have `feedpurpose` equal to `"group/additions"`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - MUST have `feedpurpose` equal to the string `group/additions`,
```

      - MUST be of feed format `classic`

>       - MUST have `metadata` equal to `{ directMessage: publicKey }` where

Reviewer: This `metadata` needs to follow https://github.com/ssbc/ssb-meta-feeds-dm-spec/pull/3

          - `publicKey` is the base64 encoded public part of a curve25519 Diffie-Hellman keypair
      - MUST NOT be encrypted

> - 1.3 You MUST replicate each other peers invitations feed

Reviewer: The spec so far hasn't used "you", it has used "each peer", so this line could be

```suggestion
- 1.3 If a peer A wants to add another peer B in a group, then A MUST replicate B's additions feed and B must replicate A's additions feed
```

> - 1.4 All content on the invitations feed SHOULD be encrypted with [box2] encryption, also known as "envelope spec".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 1.4 All messages published on the additions feed MUST be encrypted with [box2] encryption, also known as "envelope spec".
```

  - see details below

> - 1.5 The invitations feed must be a singleton and MUST NOT be tombstoned

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 1.5 There MUST be at most one additions feed per metafeed tree
```

  - this feed represents the record of all people joining each group and must not be lost

#### `group/add-member` messages

> This is the only type of message currently expected in the invitations feed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the only type of message currently expected in the additions feed.
```

It's defined in the [private-group-spec] to look like this:

```js
{
  type: 'group/add-member',
  version: 'v2',
  root: 'ssb:message/classic/THxjTGPuXvvxnbnAV7xVuVXdhDcmoNtDDN0j3UTxcd8=',
  secret: '3YUat1ylIUVGaCjotAvof09DhyFxE8iGbF6QxLlCWWc=',
  recps: [
    'ssb:identity/group/vof09Dhy3YUat1ylIUVGaCjotAFxE8iGbF6QxLlCWWc=',    // group_id
    'ssb:feed/bendybutt-v1/YXkE3TikkY4GFMX3lzXUllRkNTbj5E-604AkaO1xbz8=', // feed_id
  ],
  tangles: {
    group: {
      // ...
    },
    members: {
      // ...
    }
  }
}
```

The important parts of this message are:
- which group this is for (this is covered by the `root` and `secret`)
- who it's encrypted to (the group, and the feed(s) of people being added)

The encryption of this message MUST follow the the [ssb-meta-dm-spec].

### 2. Group feeds

The purpose of this feed is to hold the groups messages.

Each group feed MUST be a direct subfeed of a shard feed, where the shard is derived using the base64 encoded 

> - 2.1 Each peer that is a member of a group MUST have a group feed for that group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 2.1 Each peer that is a member of a group MAY have a group feed for that group
```

Removed the MUST because technically someone who is added to a group is now a "member of the group" but they may not have had the chance yet (because they haven't gotten online, they don't know they are a member of the group) to create their group feed.

Also, what about people who didn't consent to be added to the group? They may never create a group feed.

So I'd change the MUST to "MAY" actually.

- 2.2 Each peer MUST deterministically place their group feed as a subfeed, such that:
  - their group feed is a direct subfeed of a shard feed
  - the shard feed is a subfeed of the v1 subfeed, and derived from the base64 encoded string of the group secret key `secret` according to the v1 tree structure specified in [ssb-meta-feeds-spec].
  - the `metafeeds/add/derived` message announcing the group feed
      - MUST have `feedpurpose` equal to the base64 encoded group secret
      - MUST be encrypted with the group secret, using [box2] encryption

> - 2.3 You MUST replicate the each other peers group feed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 2.3 Each group member SHOULD replicate the group feeds of all other known group members
```
